# Eternauts
SOFTWARE:
Eternauts is built to be as full of procedural generation as possible, while still creating compelling graphics. Its goal is to invite players to engage with a beautiful game for short periods of time (optimally 30 minutes a day), then go out and serve people in the real world. The game is going to be published with an app that will allow them to track their service to others and receive in-game rewards for their efforts (dimensional powers allowing them to affect their world, teleport to new worlds, bypass training regimens for unlocking new abilities, etc.). This game will NEVER become a pay-to-play kind of thing. This is a serve-to-play game.

Currently, the game consists of a chunk generator (chunks.py) and a main game file (Eternauts.py). Eventually, the Intelligence.py file will be a procedural generator that creates new NPCs and gives them personalities.

LORE:
Eternauts is a game. A beautiful game. A game that doesn't just intend to suck you in and trap your soul. Instead, the goal of Eternauts is to let you sink into a world where the welfare of your soul is at heart. In Eternauts, you will be attended by Spritnaut. He will guide you on an epic journey where you will learn the rules of interdimensional travel, including how to free your soul and help others on your way. The current dimension that Spritnaut will guide player's souls into is the dimension of Quere. This dimension hasn't fully been created yet. As your avatar soars through the infinite worlds of Quere, new wonders will generate before your very eyes. Lands, creatures, people, and whole civilizations will spawn into existence. You will be tested and tried. You will have opportunities to grow your avatar, learn new abilities, and unlock powers beyond your wildest imagination.